Title: Top Co-working Space Picks of Istanbul

----

Date: 2018-02-15

----

Text: 

(image: de-1.jpg)
Over the centuries, Istanbul has always been an attraction point serving as a bridge between the two oldest continents; Asia and Europe. For the last 5 years this vivid city has become one of the hottest startup and freelancer hubs in the region

As the format of work changes rapidly, the need for shared offices and even virtual offices has become inevitable. These spaces not only provide a working ground, but also foster a social networking environment for their residents. We at Crossover work remotely all around the globe for more than 100 different companies. So, having a co-working spot is crucial for our partners both to work and socialize. That’s why I started looking for the right spot to accommodate their needs.

When I started organizing events back in 2012, we only had 1 co-working space, Yazane, in the city. Although it was the pioneer for this concept, it doesn’t exist anymore. But since then, the number of co-working spaces has increased tremendously making it accessible to everyone living in different parts of the city.

ATÖLYE

(image: atoelye.png)

After a long period of looking for the right spot, the founders decided to found ATÖLYE in the premises of bomontiada. The spacious workspace is complemented with CNVS brand furniture of their own design to accommodate individual needs. They also provide a Prototyping Lab with a full range of prototyping tools. Apart from providing a workspace for people, they want to create a community that can create interdisciplinary projects. So, they support this philosophy with their 101 workshops, brainstorming and feedback sessions. If you want to be part of their community you can choose either of their Flexible, Fixed or Corporate membership packages.

Levent Ofis

(image: k1a0474.jpg)

Levent Ofis serves in 2 different locations with total of 17 serviced offices and 2 meeting rooms with 60 people capacity in total. They also offer virtual office service. I’ve always been very nicely welcomed at Levent Ofis for my events. They serve very delicious food and their pleasant staff makes you feel comfortable. I would advise to pay them a visit before you make your final call for your office.

Habita

(image: habita-blog.jpg)

Habita was founded by 3 close friends who decided to quit their corporate jobs and create an enjoyable place to work. They worked very hard on every detail of the place to meet the needs of their habitants.  The ample space of Habita makes it a perfect spot for large events. They also have a large room downstairs that can be used for company events and trainings. At Habita you can have a private office or can choose to have either a fixed or flexible desk. They make partnerships with organizations like Entrepreneurship Foundation to host their events.

Impact Hub

(image: impact-hub-gorsel-e1518480127102.jpg)

Impact Hub Istanbul is part of a 1300+ member network at 80+ locations in more than 50 countries. The main motto of Impact Hub is to act as a hub that unites and empowers impact-driven individuals. Although their focus is majorly on the impact startups, they also host startups from different business areas. For as low as 100TL per month you can become part of their community and enjoy their services for 5hours per month. There are more options for co-work membership and also for dedicated desks and offices.

The biggest advantage of being a member at Impuct Hub is that you get access to all of their global network. So, if you are a digital nomad or plan to be one, then Impact Hub would be the best choice for you.

Kolektif House

(image: kolektif_levent-e1518480183404.png)

Since their first day in business, Kolektif House became one of the coolest co-work spots in the city. It not only provides work spaces but also commits to create an enjoyable experience with different kinds of activities like yoga classes, workshops, Monday breakfasts etc.  There are also events taking place on most of the week days. They serve in 2 different locations, Levent and Şişhane. They offer 4 different kinds of memberships. You can have fixed desk, private office, virtual office or nomad memberships. If you decide to have a private office you need to make a minimum of 3 months contract with them. If you want not only a desk to work but also want to be a part of a very active community, Kolektif House would be the best choice.

Kamara Studio Offices
(image: kamara_levent-e1518477639725.png)
Kamara was the first co-working space I used for my first startup Davetpostası.com. Since then they opened 6 new branches to reach a total number of 7, located on either sides of Istanbul. They provide 125 serviced offices in these locations. You can also benefit from their meeting rooms and virtual office services. Their offices host 2 major global brands; Google and Spotify. So, if you want to be neighbours with Google Turkey, you can choose to rent your serviced office at Levent office of Kamara Studio Offices. As Crossover Turkey, we decided to nestle in the Altunizade office of Kamara since it was very convenient for our partners to reach the place. We also loved the cozy atmosphere of the building which made us feel at home.

Idea Kadıköy
(image: 10-idea_kadikoy_1_1-e1518477625859.jpg)
Idea Kadıköy is relatively one of the newest co-working spots in Istanbul. It is founded and managed by Municipality of Kadıköy. On the ground level they have a large co-work area, which is free of charge to use. On the upper floor there are dedicated desks and meeting rooms that can be used only by the members. One of the facilities it offers is a child playroom that can be used by the members who wish to bring their kids with them. I expect this place to be more popular during the spring and summer time since it has a very large garden overlooking the Marmara Sea. Next to it there is also a small café, where you can find sandwiches, salads, to eat and also have something to drink. To become a member you have to fill out the form on their website and wait to be accepted to their community.

Workinton
(image: workinton-astoria-04.jpg)
Workinton is the largest co-work chain with 9 branches in Istanbul. Apart from providing co-work, meeting rooms, serviced and virtual offices, they host events on a wide range of topics all year around. For only 10TL per month you can become a Workin Member and attend these events at no cost. Their biggest advantage is the number of meeting room options they provide to accommodate any size of groups.

----

Tags: 